# FarmSimulation

The simulator is turn-based. In each turn, all organisms existing in the world must perform an action appropriate to their type. Some of them will move (animal organisms), while others will remain stationary (plant organisms). In the case of a collision (when one organism is on the same field as another), one of the organisms wins by killing (e.g., a wolf) or repelling (e.g., a turtle) the competitor. The order of movements of organisms in a turn depends on their initiative. Animals with the highest initiative move first. In the case of animals with the same initiative, the order is determined by seniority (the longer-living one moves first). Victory in a meeting depends on the strength of the organism, although there will be exceptions to this rule. In the case of equal strength, the organism that attacked wins. A specific type of animal is the Human. Unlike animals, humans does not move randomly. The direction of his movement is determined before the turn begins using WASD keys on the keyboard. Humans also have a special ability that can be activated with a separate button. The activated ability remains active for 5 consecutive turns, after which it is deactivated. After deactivation, the ability cannot be reactivated before 5 consecutive turns have passed. When the program is run, the board should have several instances of all types of animals and plants. The program window contains a field where information about the results of battles, plant consumption, and other events in the world is displayed.
